Dear Students,

As per the project guidelines document, the project presentations and final report with artifacts submission are due in 15th week of this semester.

Project presentations (20%): will be held on 29th and 30th April from 4pm onwards via Zoom sessions (available in LMS). ~7 minutes will be given to deliver project presentation content and ~3 minutes will be for Q/A. Please attached find the sheet mentioning the timeslot for your group presentation. There is no restriction on all the group members to present, however, questions can be directed to any member of the group.

Marks distribution for project presentation (20% weightage):

Intro & Background (2)
Related Work (2)
Method (4)
Experiments & Results (3)
Time Management (2)
Aesthetics (2)
Total (15)
Scaled (20)


Final Report and Artefact (40%): are due by 1st May 23:59. The link to submission is here

The final report should have the following sections:

Background / Introduction
What problem are you addressing? Why is it important, and what makes it challenging?

Related Work
What has been done previously in the relevant literature? What are the most closely related works?

Method
What approach have you taken in this project? Provide a mathematical formulation of your ideas, along with clear explanations and visualizations where appropriate.

Experiments and Results
Describe the datasets and evaluation metrics used, and present the quantitative results (e.g., in tables and/or plots). Include qualitative results where applicable.

Artifacts (GitHub Repo. Requirement)
All artifacts must be uploaded to GitHub (version control system) and shared as a private repository. The repository must include:

The project code, along with clear instructions for running it
A README file (text or markdown) describing the purpose of each component (file/folder) in the codebase
A complete list of dependencies, with instructions for installation (e.g., PyTorch, CUDA Toolkit, scikit-learn, etc.)
A demo file with sample inputs and corresponding outputs
Instructions for downloading datasets from publicly available sources
If the project builds on an existing codebase, proper credit must be given, and all modifications or differences should be clearly documented in the README file.

Marks distribution for final report and artefact:
Abstract (1)
Introduction (2)
Contributions (1)
Related Work (2)
Problem Statement (1)
Proposed Method (5)
Experimental Setup (4)
Results & Discussion (3)
Limitations (0.5)
Conclusion (0.5)
Quality of Writing (2)
GitHub Code and Readability (3)
Total (25)
Scaled (40)


-----

Dear Students,

I hope the progress towards final report of the project is going well.

As you are aware from project guidelines document, the report needs to be submitted exactly as per NeurIPS (conference) paper submission template.

If you open this link from project guidelines document, you will find that:

-the main content should not exceed beyond 9 pages.

-any appendices and references can start after 9 page limit and have no limit in terms of pages.

Good luck :)
